996license 开源项目联盟列表 (#24788)
996icu/996.ICU: README.md

[![Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/link-996.icu-red.svg)](https://996.icu/#/zh_CN)
[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/996icu/996.ICU.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/996icu/996.ICU)

> If you want to reference 996.icu badge, read [What can I do?](#what-can-i-do) as follow.

Repo for counting stars and contributing. Press <kbd>F</kbd> to pay your respect to honorable developers.

## What is 996?

A "996" work schedule refers to an unofficial work schedule (9 a.m. ~ 9 p.m., 6 days per week) that has been gaining in popularity. Serving a company that encourages the "996" work schedule usually means working for at least 60 hours a week.

## What can I do?

- Update this [list](blacklist/blacklist.md) with evidence to help every worker.  
  更新这个[名单](blacklist/blacklist.md)（附带证据），来帮助每一位工作者。
- Add this [badge](externals/instruction.md) to your project to support 996.ICU.  
  把这个[徽章](externals/instruction.md)加入你的项目来支持 996.ICU

## The principle and purpose Of this repository!

- 996.ICU is an initiative initiated by IT practitioners. We welcome people from other fields and other countries to join the discussion.

> - this is not a politic activity,we are the staunch supporters of labour law. we ask employers to respect the legitimate rights and interests of employees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- this is not a politic activity, we are the staunchest supporters of labour law. We ask employers to respect the legitimate rights and interests of employees.
```

Reviewer 2: ask -> demand

> - From closed source to open source is a great progress, from open source to emphasizing the protection of labor rights and interests at the same time will also be an another great progress. We want to create an open source software license that protects workers' rights and interests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the closed source to open source is a great progress, from open source to emphasizing the protection of labors' rights and interests at the same time will also be a great progress. We want to create an open source software license that protects workers' rights and interests.
```
